Changelog documentation (#180)
SolarArbiter/solarforecastarbiter_dashboard: README.md

  `FLASK_APP='sfa_dash:create_app("sfa_dash.config.LocalConfig"' flask run -p 8080`

- Open [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/) in a browser to view the dashboard.

## Acknowledgements

The Solar Forecat Arbiter Dashboard utilizes the following open source projects.

- [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/)
- [Flask SeaSurf](https://flask-seasurf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- [Flask Dance](https://flask-dance.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- [Flask SQLAlchemy](https://flask-sqlalchemy.palletsprojects.com/en/2.x/)
- [Bokeh](http://docs.bokeh.org/en/1.3.2/index.html)
- [Gunicorn](https://gunicorn.org/)
- [Gevent](http://www.gevent.org/)
- [PyMySQL](https://pymysql.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- [SQLAlchemy](https://www.sqlalchemy.org/)
- [Requests](https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/master/)
- [Python-JOSE](https://python-jose.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- [Blinker](https://pythonhosted.org/blinker/)
- [Cryptography](https://cryptography.io/en/latest/)
- [PyTables](https://www.pytables.org/usersguide/tutorials.html)
- [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/)

Authenication services for the Solar Forecast Arbiter by provided by [Auth0](https://auth0.com/)

> Centralized logging for the Solar Forecast Arbiter framework provided by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Centralized error reporting for the Solar Forecast Arbiter framework is provided by
```
